hi this is tony from more calm and i'm
doing an on camera review of the 8
megapixel camera for the droid x 2 i'll
be heading outside to take a look at how
well it works outdoors but you can see
indoors how it looks so far so yeah
enjoy the video and leave your comments
at the very end thank you very much
right we over the droid x 2 recording
outside is 720p kids skateboarding over
there that's a pretty cool stuff it's
basketball courts in the neighborhood
shooting some hoops son down now so just
pulling around back there just see more
the skateboarding pretty chill I'm gonna
do about a minute and a half to with
this and then um you know we'll check it
out today it goes
yeah kids coming now away you can see
the tree leaves panning out there's some
outdoor stuff with the qhd oh sorry with
eage motor oil motorola droid x2 and
i'll do some stuff inside and you know
combine up there not she just out for
you guys right so I'm back from
recording I'm outdoors with the droid x2
camera as you've noticed through the
videos a lot of saturation both indoors
and outdoors the video quality is not
the best especially for here megapixel
camera 720p also I've noticed throughout
my recording different corners i have
although i have attached that to this
video is that i noticed some audio and
video or sync issues so my lips are
moving either store faster then after
the audio that was producing in the
video my waiting for this i would say
again this camera is ok on the droid x2
i'm seeing better on different devices
the skills also are produced from the
camera at have some saturation and some
wash out within the pictures you can
check that on the phone at on the
website of Bordeaux or calm so this is
the need from board saying thank you if
you have any comments or questions about
camera let us know don't forget to
subscribe to all our pages on youtube
facebook on Twitter it's all border work
with 20 so this is funding from bordeaux
work saying thank you and always enjoy
entertainment